Reorganize ROS 1 Migration Pages (#3861)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/How-To-Guides/ROS1-Migration/Migration-Guide-Parameters-YAML.rst

.. redirect-from::

   Guides/Parameters-YAML-files-migration-guide
   Tutorials/Parameters-YAML-files-migration-guide
   How-To-Guides/Parameters-YAML-files-migration-guide

.. _yaml-ros1-ros2:

> YAML Parameter File Migration Guide from ROS 1

Reviewer: I prefer the previous title, so I'd say let's leave it:

```suggestion
Migrating YAML parameter files from ROS 1 to ROS 2
```
